Added voice agent docs (#168)
CerebriumAI/documentation: v4/examples/aiVoiceAgents.mdx

---
title: "Real-time Voice Agent"
description: "Deploy a real-time AI voice agent"
---

In this tutorial, I am going to create a real-time voice agent that can respond to any query via speech, in speech, in ~500ms. This is an extremely flexible implementation where you have the

> ability to swap in a any LLM's or Text-to-speech (TTS) model of your liking. This is extremely useful for use cases involving voice such as customer support bots, receptionists and many more.

Reviewer: a any 
```suggestion
ability to swap in any LLM's or Text-to-speech (TTS) model of your liking. This is extremely useful for use cases involving voice such as customer support bots and receptionists.
```

> In order to create this application, we use the [PipeCat](https://www.pipecat.ai/) framework that takes care of stringing together all these components as well as handles some of the functionality we
> might need such as handling user interuptions, dealing with audio data etc. We will show this functionality by joining a meeting room with our voice agent using [Daily](https://daily.co) (the creators of Pipecat) and will deploy this application on Cerebrium to show how it handles deploying and scaling our application seamlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create this application, we use the [PipeCat](https://www.pipecat.ai/) framework that takes care of stringing together all the components and it handles some of the functionality we
might need such as user interruptions, dealing with audio data etc. We will show this functionality by joining a meeting room with our voice agent using [Daily](https://daily.co) (the creators of Pipecat) and will deploy this application on Cerebrium to show how it handles deploying and scaling our application seamlessly.
```

> You can find the final version of the code [here](TODO)

Reviewer: should be done before merge?

In your IDE, run the following command to create our Cerebrium starter project: `cerebrium init agent-tool-calling`. This creates two files:

- **Main.py** - Our entrypoint file where our code lives
- **cerebrium.toml** - A configuration file that contains all our build and environment settings
  ‍
  Add the following pip packages near the bottom of your cerebrium.toml. This will be used in creating our deployment environment.

```
[cerebrium.deployment]
docker_base_image_url = "registry.cerebrium.ai/daily:latest"

[cerebrium.dependencies.pip]
torch = ">=2.0.0"
"pipecat-ai[silero, daily, openai, deepgram]" = "latest"
aiohttp = "latest"
torchaudio = "latest"
vllm = "latest"
huggingface_hub = "latest"
```

You will also see we specify a Docker base image above. The reason for this is Daily has supplied a Docker image that contains local [Deepgram](https://deepgram.com/) Speech-to-Text (STT) and Text-to-Speech (TTS) models.
This helps us achieve our low latency since everything is running locally and not going over the network.

<Note>
  Docker files are not support yet but are rather in the works to be released
  soon. This is just a very early preview of how it would work.

> </Note>

Reviewer: this makes me wonder if this tutorial is meant to work right now

In this example we will be using Llama 3 8B as our LLM and serving it via vLLM. In order to use Llama 3, we need to be authenticated via Hugging Face.

To authenticate ourselves we need to go to HuggingFace and accept the model permissions for [Lllama 8B](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct) if we haven’t already. It takes about 30 minutes or less for them to accept your request.

In your Cerebrium dashboard you can add your HuggingFace token as a secret by navigating to “Secrets” in the sidebar. For the sake of this tutorial I called mine “HF_TOKEN”. We can now access these values in our code at runtime without exposing them in our code.

You can then add the following code to your main.py:

```python
from huggingface_hub import login
import subprocess

login(token=get_secret('HF_TOKEN'))

> login(token=get_secret('HF_TOKEN'))

Reviewer: should be twice like this?

            },
        ]

        avt = AudioVolumeTimer()
        tl = TranscriptionTimingLogger(avt)

        tma_in = LLMUserResponseAggregator(messages)
        tma_out = LLMAssistantResponseAggregator(messages)

        pipeline = Pipeline([
            transport.input(),   # Transport user input
            avt,                 # Audio volume timer
            stt,                 # Speech-to-text
            tl,                  # Transcription timing logger
            tma_in,              # User responses
            llm,                 # LLM
            tts,                 # TTS
            transport.output(),  # Transport bot output
            tma_out,             # Assistant spoken responses
        ])

        task = PipelineTask(
            pipeline,
            PipelineParams(
                allow_interruptions=True,
                enable_metrics=True,
                report_only_initial_ttfb=True
            ))
```

> First, in our main function we initialize the daily transfort layer in order to receive/send the audio/video data from the Daily room we will connect to. You can see we pass the room_url

Reviewer: search this article for "in order to" and remove all 😆
